PR for literature review (#40)
MichalisPanayides/Thesis: chapters/02_literature_review/main.tex

    % <!-- alex ignore gals-man --> 
    men, machines, materials and money in industry, business, government, and
    defence.
    The distinctive approach is to develop a scientific model of the system,
    incorporating measurement of factors such as chance and risk, with which to
    predict and compare the outcomes of alternative decisions, strategies or
    controls.
    Th purpose is to help management determine its policy and actions
    scientifically''~\cite{or_for_multi_organizations}.
\end{quotation}

There are numerous methods and techniques that form the discipline of OR.
Some of the most common ones are mathematical programming, queueing theory,
game theory, decision theory, data mining and statistical analysis.
The main OR techniques that are used in this thesis are queueing theoretic
models and game theoretic models.
A more detailed review of the literature on game theoretic models applied to
healthcare systems is provided in
Section~\ref{sec:lit_review_game_theory_in_healthcare}.

\subsection{Operational Research models in Healthcare}

This section provides a review of the literature on some of the OR models used

> in queueing theory; namely Markov chains and discrete event simulation models.
> The following papers are examples of OR models being used in healthcare
> systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the healthcare sector; namely Markov chains and discrete event simulation models.
```

> Markov chains were originally developed by Andrey Markov in 1906.
> The Russian mathematician is known for their work in probability theory,
> analysis and number theory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markov chains were originally developed by Russian mathematician Andrey Markov in 1906 who is known for their work in probability theory,
analysis and number theory.
```

A main result from this paper was that when both firms operate independently as
a monopoly, the equilibria are socially optimal, but this is not the case when
the firms operate together.
Another extension of~\cite{FirmCompetition} was introduced 
in~\cite{FirmCompetitionExtension} where a long-run version of the competition 
was considered that also had capacity as a decision variable.
An additional paper that focuses on competition is~\cite{fan2009short} where
the authors created a competition between two sellers where seller 1 supplies 
a product instantly and seller 2 is modelled as a make-to-order M/M/1 queue.
The game that is played requires the two sellers to make a choice on the price 
of the product and then seller 2 to set a capacity that guarantees a maximum 
expected delay.
In our work, while giving some consideration to equilibrium behaviour,
similar to the work of~\cite{FirmCompetition, FirmCompetition2}, emergent
behaviour is more precisely addressed by considering learning algorithms like
asymmetric replicator dynamics~\cite{fudenberg1998theory}.
More details on learning algorithms can be found in
Section~\ref{sec:game_intro_learning_algorithms}.

> Another specific part of our research, as described later in the paper, is the 

Reviewer: paper?

Author: Ooops 😅

the faster a server works, the more cost it incurs.
The buyer chooses to allocate demand based on the performance of the servers
where faster servers are allocated more demand.
The authors investigate the trade-off between efficiency and incentives and
find that it is possible to design an allocation policy that is both efficient
and can also incentivise the servers to work quickly.
This paper shares some similarities with the work of this thesis.
In particular, this thesis formulates a game to investigate the trade-off
between ambulance blockage and overall efficiency of the ED which is a similar
concept to the one described in~\cite{cachon2007obtaining}.
In~\cite{kalai1992optimal} the authors study the behaviour of vendors in
competition.
Similar to the work of~\cite{cachon2007obtaining}, the authors consider a
queueing model where servers choose their own service rates at a cost.
The servers are also rewarded for each customer that they serve and
based on that cost a two-player game between the two servers is formulated.

\section{Game theory in Healthcare}
\label{sec:lit_review_game_theory_in_healthcare}

> In this section a review of the literature is provided that is relevant to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section a review of the literature is provided that is relevant to
```
